# i18n - learning to create internationalized web pages with Flask

- 0-app.py: contains a Python script that sets up a basic Flask app with the following requirements:
Create a single `/` route and an [index.html](templates/0-index.html) template that simply outputs “Welcome to Holberton” as page title and “Hello world” as header (`<h1>`).
- Copy [0-app.py](0-app.py) into [1-app.py](1-app.py) and [templates/0-index.html](templates/0-index.html) into [templates/1-index.html](templates/1-index.html).In order to configure available languages in the app, create a `Config` class that has a `LANGUAGES` class attribute equal to `["en", "fr"]`.
- Copy [1-app.py](1-app.py) into [2-app.py](2-app.py) and [templates/1-index.html](templates/1-index.html) into [templates/2-index.html](templates/2-index.html). Create a `get_locale` function with the `babel.localeselector` decorator. Use `request.accept_languages` to determine the best match with our supported languages.
- Copy [2-app.py](2-app.py) into [3-app.py](3-app.py) and [templates/2-index.html](templates/2-index.html) into [templates/3-index.html](templates/3-index.html). Use the `_` or `gettext` function to parametrize your templates. Use the message IDs `home_title` and `home_header`.
- Copy [3-app.py](3-app.py) into [4-app.py](4-app.py) and [templates/3-index.html](templates/3-index.html) into [templates/4-index.html](templates/4-index.html). In your `get_locale` function, detect if the incoming request contains `locale` argument and if its value is a supported locale, return it. If not or if the parameter is not present, resort to the previous default behavior.
- Copy [4-app.py](4-app.py) into [5-app.py](5-app.py) and [templates/4-index.html](templates/4-index.html) into [templates/5-index.html](templates/5-index.html). Define a `get_user` function that returns a user dictionary or `None` if the ID cannot be found or if `login_as` was not passed. Define a `before_request` function and use the `app.before_request` decorator to make it be executed before all other functions. `before_request` should use `get_user` to find a user if any, and set it as a global on `flask.g.user`.
- Copy [5-app.py](5-app.py) into [6-app.py](6-app.py) and [templates/5-index.html](templates/5-index.html) into [templates/6-index.html](templates/6-index.html). Change your `get_locale` function to use a user’s preferred locale if it is supported.
- Copy [6-app.py](6-app.py) into [7-app.py](7-app.py) and [templates/6-index.html](templates/6-index.html) into [templates/7-index.html](templates/7-index.html). Define a `get_timezone` function and use the `babel.timezoneselector` decorator.
- Copy [7-app.py](7-app.py) into [app.py](app.py) and [templates/7-index.html](templates/7-index.html) into [templates/index.html](templates/index.html). Based on the inferred time zone, display the current time on the home page in the default format.
